doble let's see where their freestyle
takes them here's how Catherine and Mark
train for this important dance in my
opinion I think you've been the most
versatile dancer out of all the
celebrities so I want to show that you
can do all kinds of styles cause there's
gonna be a lot of dynamics from faster
faster slow slow slow to trick to trick
you know I mean okay put that to that
dinner William and Donald for sure are
gonna bring it in their freestyle now to
compete with them mark is really pushing
into this choreography it switches
between jive quick step Lindy hot tap
there really is no time to think but I'm
gonna do whatever it takes to get a
perfect score next trick backflip
there you go that's it okay you can't
make those noises again the freestyle is
the opportunity to really show
everything you've learned and the real
performer that you are so it really all
does come down to this moment and I'm
gonna make sure that I leave everything
on that dance floor
yeah dancing freestyle Katherine Jenkins
and her partner Mark Ballas
[Applause]
[Music]
flamboyant tour-de-force
through all the ages of Swing I have
never seen so much content so fast so
well executed you were on the money all
the way
your range of motion in your size you
can do anything
upside down around backwards inside no
and I just think that was a dance of a
champion you are a champion
[Applause]
I'm asleep and dreaming don't wake me up
this is a free stove
head on up for some scores if you would
[Applause]
was competitive dance from our
they're judging scores you'll have some
new routines to this season stars plus a
performance from our special guest kelly
clarkson right here bye
okay you two Kyrian said that was the
dance of a champion you gotta love that
at this point there's so much riding on
the Freestyle was that the most fun
you've had or was it the most stressful
performance you've done on the show I
would say in the week before in the week
leading up to it the most stressful
dance but I loved that thankfully no
mark after tonight you're gonna get a
brand new song and then you're gonna go
straight into rehearsals and you're
basically gonna have a night to prepare
your final routine does that fill you
with fear what are you making I mean yes
it's nerve-wracking to get the song
before but we're just grateful to be
here thank you for voting for us and we
can't wait to do one more for you guys
all right here's your scores good luck
ladies and gentlemen the judges have
their scores Carrie Ann Inaba Len
Goodman
Bruno Tongo
perfect score of 60 of the 60 for the
Knights thank you thank you thank you so
much thank you so grateful
congratulations
they have got one more dance tomorrow
night to complete their judges scores of
course you're crucial votes from tonight
still count for half of their final
total so call text log on to abc.com and
pick your champion or right now Tom all
right Brooke thanks